# Information
<details>
<summary>Date, Attendees and Duration</summary>

## Date / Time
2024-01-18 20:00 (UTC + 1)

## Attendees
- [Pekko]([Pekko-Link])
- [Equindar]([Equindar-Link])

## Duration
20:00 - 21:00 -> **1h**
</details>

# Agenda
- Desgin and structure of a REST-Api
  - Setup a simple api for development-only to get data from the backend
- Additional Identity-Provider: Discord
  - Another option for sign in/log in

## Recap Last Meeting
<details>
<summary>What happened in the last meeting? A brief recap.</summary>
Equindar researched and started implementing the i18n-support using i18next. He hasnt finished this tho and tests needs to be written to cover that feature.
There is still some work on the CI, it needs to be set up more modular and flexible. Equindar will also tackle that issue until sunday of the week.
No further issues got created in the meantime by the team.
</details>

## Meeting Topics
### Desgin and structure of a REST-Api
To get data from the backend, the implementation of an interface is required. This is usually realized via an API. As the changeover from asynchronous communication using requests/response to full-duplex communication via websockets is not a major hurdle, this can already be started.

It should be noted here that there is definitely public and private data. For example, player data such as level, experience points and class are public, but the inventory and skill tree are private.

Nevertheless, it should be possible to give enthusiastic players the change to compile their own rankings and statistics, for example, and make them available to the community.
Issuing and managing API keys must be simple for this.

#### To-Dos
- [ ] create issues for structure
- [ ] create user stories
- [ ] define testing scenarios
- [ ] assign responibilities

### Additional Identity-Provider: Discord
A player can also log in or register via the Discord-Auth. This can make it easier to start the game. The connection between the player account and Discord could also be automatically assigned, for example for roles in the community Discord, as an alternative communication channel for support requests.
It should not be mandatory, but can be linked at any time.
It is also possible to customize the Discord user's activity display with "currently playing [LunarEclipse]", which is free advertising for us.
However, the user must explicitly grant permission for this.

#### To-Dos
- [ ] create user stories
- [ ] define testing scenarios
- [ ] assign responibilities

Additional Source(s):
- https://fusionauth.io/docs/lifecycle/authenticate-users/identity-providers/gaming/discord


# Additional Notes
- Pekko mentioned, that he wanted to also focus on proofreading. For that, a possibility needs to be created, so fresh news or blog posts are in status "Draft" before publishing. No approval funcitonality is planned for now.
Pekko stated, he will create the issues in github in german language.  


<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
[Pekko-Link]: https://github.com/RFS-81
[LNX-Link]: https://github.com/BlackLNX
[Equindar-Link]: https://github.com/Equindar